Add new dates for Mentorship rounds (#1239)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/mentorships.md

  <dd class="col-md-9">May 1st 2022</dd>
  <dt class="col-md-3 text-md-end">Mentorships finish:</dt>
  <dd class="col-md-9">End of August 2022</dd>
</dl>

## Round 2

### Key dates

Dates are subject to change:

<dl class="row">
  <dt class="col-md-3 text-md-end">Applications open:</dt>
  <dd class="col-md-9">October 1st 2022</dd>
  <dt class="col-md-3 text-md-end">Applications close:</dt>
  <dd class="col-md-9">November 1st 2022</dd>
  <dt class="col-md-3 text-md-end">Mentorships start:</dt>
  <dd class="col-md-9">December 1st 2022</dd>
  <dt class="col-md-3 text-md-end">Mentorships finish:</dt>
  <dd class="col-md-9">End of March 2023</dd>
</dl>

## Round 3

### Key dates

Dates are subject to change:

<dl class="row">
  <dt class="col-md-3 text-md-end">Applications open:</dt>
  <dd class="col-md-9">April 1st 2023</dd>
  <dt class="col-md-3 text-md-end">Applications close:</dt>
  <dd class="col-md-9">May 1st 2023</dd>
  <dt class="col-md-3 text-md-end">Mentorships start:</dt>
  <dd class="col-md-9">June 1st 2023</dd>
  <dt class="col-md-3 text-md-end">Mentorships finish:</dt>
  <dd class="col-md-9">End of September 2023</dd>
</dl>

### Application process

> _Applications are now closed. Applications for Round 2 will open on October 1st. Stay tuned!_
> 
> <!-- Those who have applied will hear from us soon. Thank you!_ -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications for Round 2 will open on October 1st. Please check back soon for updates!

<!-- _Applications are now closed. Those who have applied will hear from us soon. Thank you!_ -->
```
